Intro:
- I love Javascript
- been with Godaddy for 4.5 years

Intro 2
- In the advocate role
- Starfield UI is an effort to get the company dev community sharing. 
- starting a community around JS. 
- Join us!

History:
Todo

Concepts:
	There are two things you need to know to understand Javascript
	Objects and how they are "typed"
	Contexts and how Javascript executes
	
Objects - Data:
	Lets start with the basics.
	Programs deal with data.
	We can give bits of data a name
	And that becomes a Key and a Value, or key-value pair

Objects - Properties:
	We can also call a key-value pair a Property
	
Objects - Properties:
	An object is really just a holder

Objects - Properties:
	It holds a collection of properties.
	
JS Objects:
	Everything is an object in Javascript, even the objects that define an object.
	There are three of these object types.
	
JS Objects References:
	Each of these types point to each other in some way via properties and one of them is a delegate
	
Instances:
	Lets look at instances first.
	An instance is what you are most familiar with working in Javascript.
	You can just declare one when you need it.

Instances - Extensibility:
	An empty object isn't very useful
	So we add properties to it: our data, in key/value pairs
	And we add methods by setting a function as a property value
	
Instances - Manipulations:
	We're up and running with our object.
	We can change our property values
	We can call our methods
	We can iterate through the properties on our object and do things with them
	- but wait - this can be a bit dangerous - we'll find out why in a bit
	
Instances Duplication:
	Since our instance is so awesome, maybe we want another one
	It would be the same, but with different data.
	So should we just make another copy?  
	We'll have to add the same properties to every instance
	This doesn't seem that great of a plan.
	
Instances Constructor:
	There is a better way.  
	We were creating our objects with an Object Literal.
	But we can build objects with a function.
	In this case we're just making empty objects.
	But we can do better.
	
Object Types:
	Let's look at Constructors.
	
Constructors:
	Constructors are Object Factories
	
Constructors - initializing:
	All the properties we were setting on our Instance we can put in the constructor instead
	This actually sets the properties on the Instance directly.
	We can create as many copies of the Instance as we want by calling the new keyword
	
Constructors - where:
	The constructor is an inherited property of the instance we built with it so we can always reference it
	It is really a property inherited off the Object prototype, 
		but we'll get more into that in a bit - for now think of it as "built-in".
	It is also a property of the prototype of itself, but we'll get more into that in a bit.
	
Constructors - pedigree:
	A constructor gives us a way to create custom objects in Javascript
	It's conceptually like a type, but it is not actually a type
	We can use it to verify an object's pedigree 
	but it's type will always be Object
	
Object Types:
	So we have instances that hold properties and methods
	and we have Constructors which 
		build copies of instances 
		and initialize instances properties with data 
		and give us a conceptual way to refer to the instances as the "same type".
	So what about the Prototype?
	
Prototypes:
	Prototypes are where it gets cool.
	Every object has one.
	Every object with the same constructor shares one.
	It operates as a delegate for the constructed instances.
	
Prototypes - extensibility
	The awesome part about the prototype
		if you add something to it
		it instantly is available to every object that shares that constructor.
	It doesn't matter at what point the property is added as long as the instance calls it later.
	This allows for all kinds of extensibility!
	
Prototype - really instant extensibility
	What kind of messes with my head is that
		if you extend the prototype,
		it's even accessible in the constructor itself.
		because the constructor is setting properties on the Instance
		and the Instance delegates to the prototype.

Prototype - defaults:
	You can use the prototype to set property defaults for an instance
	These can be overwritten by setting the property on the instance directly.
		this is called property shadowing
	Understand you're not changing the value for the prototype
		but only on the instance.
		be careful with this because it might have unintended consequences...
	But the default is still accessible via the prototype if needed.

Prototype - alternative method for manipulation
	The prototype is accessed via a property on the constructor.
	You can treat it like any other object instance and add properties to it directly.
	Or you can create an object and replace the prototype object with it.
	This can be bad though, because when a prototype instance is created
		it is automatically populated with some properties
		one of which is your constructor
		Just setting this object to another will lose those properties
	If you are using jQuery you can easily get around this
		by using the extend method.  It preserves the original properties.
	
Prototype Inheritance - 
	Hopefully this makes a bit more sense now
	How all these objects are connected
	The Instance has a Constructor and a Prototype
	The Constructor initializes the Instance
		gives us conceptual typing
		and gives access to the Prototype
	The Prototype is a property delegate for the Instance
		and gives us instant extensibility
		as well as a way to provide default values.
	The Prototype is also the way we can simulate inheritance in Javascript
	
Prototype Inheritance -
	A caveat before we move on
		Inheritance is really a concept best suited to Class based languages
		It is generally best to stay shallow in Object based languages like Javascript
		Mainly because creating inheritance is not straightforward as it might seem
			and because you have instant extensibility
			and because there are limitations on constructors
	But inheritance can be done, 
		and understanding it will help us understand JS objects even better.
		so here we go.
		
	
	
	
	
